832 dzelge loading sea ice data failed (#833)
CCI-Tools/cate: CHANGES.md

## Version 2.0.0.dev24

> * Loading SeaIce data throws a ValueError: The truth value of an array with more than one element is ambiguous.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed failing download of Sea-Ice CCI data  (ValueError: The truth value of an array with more than one element is ambiguous)
```
